so see all the other guy in to save his
life then trigger the booby trap myself
so he can continue forward to use his
hand on the palm reader a more
acceptable hand possibly with cleaner
fingernails if you want a job doing
right you've got to do it yourself even
if the job is committing suicide that's
right I'm going to get burned to death
again file wants my sex and hasn't
learned that no means no Opie's cozy in
there whoever hears I think I shall give
him a name I named him Gerald by gerald
see you in hell like a moth the tries to
enter the bright I I go shuffling out of
life just to hide in death awhile
do I really want to go through with this
yes I do fans I and so I died I was not
I was I am NOT I care not hmm heaven
looks a lot like the alien ruins again
disappointing I was hoping for ice cream
apparently I live again I was not I was
I still am I care there's no ice cream I
suppose I should have known I'd be all
right including the Scourge after all
cannot be defeated by conventional means
and there he is my doppelganger the
component of the hive mind that first
appeared in the ruins but who has now
been discarded for the common good a
pity the original me was better looking
of course before he I whoever was turned
into a happy meal i vetted he put that
on the old pillow and the Tooth Fairy
would give you like a grand little
venture brothers choda and so the
ultimate sacrifice is made and the
reward flowers
ah I know perhaps their intergalactic
superspace flowers that confer special
powers on those who inhale their
fragrance nope just flowers flowers you
are supposed to give flowers to people
after they die it's true but I'm not
sure they're actually worth dying for in
the first place quite reassuring isn't
it on a spiritual level you see what
have you been worrying about your whole
life death isn't so bad you just turn
into someone else and then there are
flowers I believe you're not means such
as you selfishness would be catastrophic
you have so much as penalty and
efficient and for this reason I shall
reveal to you what which are revealed to
our typically its intrinsic to the
structure of again you try to keep your
character alive in order to achieve your
goals or it may actually be legal to
keep them alive as in the survival
horror genre failing to jump over the
goombahs in time or not quite making it
to the next platform and plummeting to
the rocks below is punished by having to
start over and try again but getting
killed should be the solution to reach
the next stage is counterintuitive and
that's what pleased me about this puzzle
it's slightly more sophisticated than
look at elvish sword of great antiquity
pick up sword use sword on thief I
appreciate bizarre demand weirdness and
there needs to be more of it in
adventure games and in games in general
you know one day we're all going to die
there is no escape from the
slave-catchers songs death is a disease
and there is no cure so I guess getting
a little practice in isn't such a bad
idea the number can help you out there
good luck good adventuring and play the
game if you haven't already